portfolio url: https://jesse-chen543-io.vercel.app/
project 1 url: https://jessechen543.github.io/wingwatch_portfolio/
project 2 url: https://jessechen543.github.io/ESTATE_ANALYSIS/

1. Tell me about yourself. What’s your background and what led you to pursue this field?
Recent IT graduate with a passion for solving complex problems. I find satisfaction in working through challenges and creating effective solutions. 
Excited to start my career in technology and continue developing my skills as a programmer.


3. What technical skills or tools do you feel strongest in? 
[read through my projects and rate my skills for different software, your output should be at a scale of 1 to 10 for each software]

4. How do you typically approach problem-solving when you are given a new task or unfamiliar challenge?
    I would like to mention a project which i am unable to put in this website as it is a physical prototype. It is a team project and the team is building a family calendar.
    I was responsible for the UI of the Raspberry Pi interface and integration of database and sensor data. The challenges i faced was debugging. I was unable to 
    see the error code due to closing the app would also close the ide. I resolve the issue with a creative way which was to make a file that store the error code. I have learnt that we need 
    to think outside the box sometimes. Feel free to watch the beatuful explain video of the project at https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y29mrG8imNg which is made by my team member.

5. If you could describe your ideal work environment or team, what would it look like?
I would like a work place where everyone is connect and everyone has a common goal to achieve. 

6. Are there any achievements — academic, technical, or personal — that you think set you apart from other candidates?
Dean’s Commendation for Academic Excellence (2022) which can be obtained by receiving average of higher than 85% in all subjects in that semester. 
I am also studying for AWS Certified Machine Learning-Associate exam.

7. What are you looking for in your next opportunity, and where do you hope to grow professionally in the next 2–3 years?


8. Do you have experience working independently or remotely? How do you manage your time and stay organized?
I am working as a remote Tutor in HD education. While it is a casual job where i can accept/decline tutor request, most requests come during exam perior. I stay organized by starting 
early with my own assignment and revision so that i will have more time to tutor. 

9. How do you stay updated with trends or changes in your field (e.g., software tools, research, AI, etc.)?
I love to connect with people in the industry and talk about what tools they using or are there any strong AI that can "start a revolution" again. 

10. what is your weakness?
I have failed so many online interview because i got anxiety by talking to camera likly due to lack of response. Recently I have found an interesting way to 
get around this which is to invite a friend to act as an interviwer so that i can get some feedback (even somme simple facial expression will help me a lot)
and it sigificantly improve my quality of response for online interview. As a result, I sucessfully pass my first online interview in the recent month. 

11. what do you think of vibe-coding/AI?
I believe vibe-coding can significantly improve the efficicency of code production if used correctly. However, if working on a big project
we migth end up spending more time in debugging or even getting stuck because we have no idea how the whole code space is working. My appraoch of using 
AI for coding is to first use AI to generate a roadmap for a project so that i can have a clear idea of what i am going to do. Then i would create the project structure manually
to ensure each file/module is independent and minimal as the current drawback of AI cant generate functional code for a large project (around 2000 lines of code based on my experience).
In term of quality of code, I believe set up well-defined AI rule which ensure the code is readable and maintainable. 
Also, the nature of generative AI is to generate the most likly output that will be accepted by the user which mean it will not be good at creative task. I think i am a creative person 
who always have and enjoy coming up with new ideas. For example, I thought it will be intersting to have the chatbot AI as a terminal which also align with the IT industry. 

12. what is your hobby?
I love tennis, board games and coop video gaming (i enjoyed the experience that we solve a hard level through team work for exmapl, recently i ). 
